Edit fungible tokens tutorial (#208)
onflow/cadence-lang.org: docs/tutorial/06-fungible-tokens.md

- Compare and contrast how tokens are stored in Flow Cadence compared to Ethereum.
- Utilize the `UFix64` type to allow decimals without converting back and forth with 10^18.
- Implement a vault [resource] to manage the functionality needed for fungible tokens.
- Use [interfaces] to enforce the presence of specified functions and fields.
- Write transactions to transfer tokens safely from one account to another.
- Develop scripts to read account balances.
- Use preconditions and postconditions to perform checks before or after a function call completes.

## Flow network token

In Flow, the [native network token (FLOW)] is implemented as a normal fungible token smart contract using a smart contract similar to the one you'll build in this tutorial.

There are special transactions and hooks that allow it to be used for transaction execution fees, storage fees, and staking, but besides that, developers and users are able to treat it and use it just like any other token in the network!

## Fungible tokens on Flow

> Flow implements fungible tokens differently than other programming languages. As a result:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flow Cadence implements fungible tokens differently than other blockchains. As a result:
```
